# The idea:

You are a Northwestern University undergraduate student who is planning which courses to enroll in (or at least try to enroll in) for a specific future quarter. You might not have a great network of friends/upperclassmen/advisors to tell you which courses to take, and even if you did, why trust anecdotes when you can take a data-driven approach? If you want to see how good of a fit a certain course is for you for a specific future quarter, you can check how well your incoming demographics match with the demographics of the students who took the course the last time it was offered in the same type of quarter (Fall, Winter, or Spring) as the quarter you are planning for. Specifically, look at the percentage of the students who were in the same undergraduate school (McCormick, Weinberg, etc.) that you will be in, and the percentage of studens who were the same year (Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, or Senior) that you will be. When choosing electives, it's also helpful to check course ratings. Just because the name and/or description of a course sounds good doesn't mean the course is actually good, and vise versa.

One issue with this approach is that it can be tedious and time-consuming. For example, for courses in which multiple sections are offered, you have to combine data across all of the sections manually, and this issue peaks for courses in which there are 3 or more sections, such as COMM_ST 102-0 (Public Speaking), where there is often 8 sections. This is why I wanted to create this project. I want to build a website that makes deploying this course-picking strategy as quick and easy as possible. My plan is to scrape NU CTECs to get just the information I need, and create a full-stack web application.

What will the website look like? It will allow the user to enter any number of Northwestern courses, which future quarter they are planning for, and what year they will be and what undergraduate school they will be in during the future quarter, and the website will return all of the courses ranked by how good of a fit they are for the student.

Each quarter, NU CTECs will need to be scraped again to keep the database up to date.